Hey Xu Lin
How dare this guy
Buddha bless
Don't hit him in the face. Don't hit him in the face
Uncle Zhou
How about you?
What are you doing here?
Why didn't you tell me when you went back to your in-laws?
Um Zhou Lao
How do you know him?
More than knowing
Look at this kid!
I have seen the boss since I was a child
Don't you want to know my makeup artist?
What about the principal in my life?
It was lent to me by this young man Lin'an
So that's it.
Without him, there would be no Zhou Bozeng I am now
Hey Uncle Zhou
Seriously, it's just my lucky money for Chinese New Year
It's useless for me to keep it
Just right, do you need it?
Is that so?
It's really unlikable.
President Meng, what we just said was um
What did you just say?
I was just having a little joke with this guy.
Brother Xu Xu
Your Longmei clothing store, right?
I must arrange a good column for you
Arrange a gold editor to give you an exclusive interview?
Make sure to make your ads look good
What about advertising?
Advertising free
It is our pleasure to interview Crescent Industries
Could you please charge?